Did everyone hear that?
You spoke many times impersonating Ben's daughter.
What crime?
Yes, three years now.
Ms. Lam attends social activities
We've all seen it.
That's the person on stage.
That's because 3 years ago.
I hid my identity and went to Long Xuyen to support the Loc family
To deal with relatives
So let you use Gu Sisi as my replacement body.
I didn't expect him to go to dinner like me.
He is the fake one.
Handsome, stop causing trouble.
This is the big sun of the Bang Thien Lang family.
You will continue to cause trouble
Uy Phong, I'm actually a down payment.
Are you a prepayer?
Master still doesn't know?
He is the second uncle to pay thousands of money in advance.
He's just a big brother who committed suicide.
Small people don't know how to take positions
He is Lam Thu Trang.
The poor farm in the province moved there for only a year
What a pity.
This type of hero that comes once in a hundred years
Thanh is cheap, Uncle Lam's strength.
General Manager Guo is right.
Do I have to pay upfront?
How could my uncle still not know?
Uncle, please tell everyone.
In the end, who gets the down payment?
Okay, today I'm here to make an announcement.
Pay thousands of money in advance, of course it's you.